hello everyone welcome to Minecraft this
is not Armand 88 and I'm bringing you a
minigame by a maker on YouTube called
minecraft PG five or something with a
sword if I got it wrong I will annotate
it and he has made us a rainbow path
this is a minigame somewhat like guitar
hero I guess would be the best way to
compare it to courts come down you push
the button and you know it pushes them
up so see resetting scoreboard get ready
preparing dream and game on let's start
on unnormal and start it's pretty cool
then once that's the scoreboard all
right we're setting scoreboard get ready
preparing game oh it's about to start
starting game on oh wow already lost
that's great should have been paying
attention I mean hard I normally should
be paying attention it's pretty cool how
the recess of scoreboard get ready
preparing game come on light it up Lloyd
it up I like that people are now
creating minigames for Minecraft it's
pretty interesting here we go we got it
I like deflect the carts as they come
down and send them back up and that's
how your score accumulates they missed
that one yeah god damn it talking too
much my score was three points oh yeah
it's pretty awesome let's play it on a
on hard and now let's try extreme after
that
want to see a hardcore must be cool come
on come on light up light up light up
light up light up light a bulb p800 god
come on oh no wow that's pretty hard
it's cool though I'm bunting horrible
but that's my score two points yes all
right now let's go for tea let's go pro
and then extremely come on reset that
scoreboard pretty pretty cool and light
up come on all right let's get ready
doudoune I'm scared holy crap already
up Wow I was horrible I can't
believe that all right as Luke stream
key let's do this is gonna be fun I like
this minecraft spotlight rainbow card
upon this is great this is great the leg
winning games and games are fun I want
you guys to play this game as well
and tell me how you guys do really it's
like impossible let's do one more try I
feel like my reach is so alright
understand like this with the cursor
like that just keep it straightforward
down pointing at this and just pass by
like boom boom really oh my goodness
this is hilarious last try guys last try
what's the score three awesome last try
let's try come on give it to us so keep
our eyes up there so I'm calling the
house phone oh here we go orange yellow
dig this one was blue underneath it was
it was it was red Simon Says red green
purple orange yellow blue Oh God oh no
all things so well too alright well this
is mine rainbow cart puncher bye
minecraft pg5 I hope I'm still getting
this name right you guys should check it
on the minecraft forums you can find a
download link to it I am myself will not
provide that download link because this
is not my game I'm just showing it off
to you guys so you guys can go and give
it a try you know all that what not
thanks for watching guys if you liked
the video be sure to click the like
button this is now armaan 88 signing up
with the beautiful score of 4
later guys